---
layout: notes
title: Nine Labs Expands Digital Services Through Merger
author: J Cornelius
category: news
---
We&rsquo;re thrilled to announce we&rsquo;ve finalized our merger with Suckerpunch Studios. Full press release follows.

----

Nine Labs, an Atlanta based digital experience strategy firm, announces merging with [Suckerpunch Studios](http://www.suckerpunch-studios.com/) to offer an expanded range of digital interactive services. The combined companies will operate under the name Nine Labs in new offices in West Midtown.

> How consumers use the web has changed dramatically in recent years, and we’ve seen a major shift in what companies need to do to be effective. This merger equips us to satisfy those needs. Our mission is to create delightful experiences for our clients and their customers by understanding their business, their audience, and connecting them in meaningful ways.
  *J Cornelius, President*

The company offers brand strategy, digital strategy, and user experience design services to small and medium businesses, with a focus on consumer brands and product companies.

> Our client’s greatest challenge is balancing tremendous business growth with the need for a consistently outstanding online presence, mobile applications or websites. There has never been a better time to design and build solutions for our clients that will leave a lasting mark. What we build is not only functional and beautiful, it moves the needle for our clients.
  *Brad Weaver, Director of Design*

[J Cornelius](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jcornelius) will continue to serve as President. Previous to founding Nine Labs in 2012, he was VP of Operations at CoffeeCup Software. He has been the President of the Atlanta Web Design Group since 2008, and a mentor at Georgia Tech’s ATDC since 2011.

[Brad Weaver](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sbradweaver) will serve as Director of Design. Brad founded Suckerpunch Studios in 2007, which focused on web, user experience, and user interface design for enterprise and SMB clients.

#### About Nine Labs:
Nine Labs was established in 2012 by J Cornelius. J has over 16 years of experience in the web industry, serving as VP of one of the first web design software firms in the world. Brad, Moses, and J are open to any new business, partnerships, or referrals, and are happy to learn more about any new project.

[Let&rsquo;s Talk About Your Project](/contact/)