---
layout: notes
title: Choose Your Own Adventure for Branding
author: Laura Lindeman
category: playbook
image: //s3.amazonaws.com/ninelabs.com/alternatives.jpg
---
When it comes to considering a design project, there are three factors to take into account:
- How much it will cost,
- How long it will take, and
- How good the finished product will be.

We appreciate great design as much as the next guy, if not more, but we also appreciate good business sense. And sometimes you have to make tough decisions for your bottomline.

- You can spend less money by farming your project out to an inexperienced freelancer, but it might not look that great. (Sacrifice: the finished product.)

- You can bring in the big guns with a Senior Designer and know the product will look great, but you'll spend a pretty penny. (Sacrifice: money.)

- You can divide and conquer pieces of the project amongst your contractors, but the iterations might take a long time to mesh into a finalized design. (Sacrifice: time.)

In other words, of the three elements of a design project, you're going to have to pick two. You can spend a little on a quick turnaround to get a crummy product. You can spend a lot but have an efficient process that provides great results. Or, you can waste a lot of time on an inexpensive group project that turns out well.

With our Branding Services, the one element you'll never have to sacrifice is a polished, professional finished process.

We offer three packages that are perfect for early stage startups or other small business that don't have the bandwidth to keep an in-house designer. We can provide the minimum design assets you need to launch successfully, and we can do it inexpensively. 

Photo Credit: [Image](https://flic.kr/p/dHCqsC) by [Daniel Oines](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dno1967b/) via Flickr under [CC 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/)