---
layout: notes
title: FPCU
author: Laura Lindeman
category: clientwork
image: //s3.amazonaws.com/ninelabs.com/fpcu.png
client:
  name: Financial Partners Credit Union
  services: Information Architecture, Workflow Engineering, Systems Integration
  url: https://www.fpcu.org
---
Financial Partners Credit Union is a regional credit union that manages over $800MM in assets for over 50,000 members. They have 75 years of service history and offer a wide range of programs for their customers, including auto loans, mortgages, credit cards, and mobile banking applications.

## The Situation
FPCU's website presented a fragmented front to their members. Their services were provided by a number of different third-party vendors, so there was not a cohesive experience for the user. They wanted to make all of the systems to look more like their existing brand while also mitigating the risk of technical outages on the vendors' side and simplifying customer interactions. The overarching goal was to combat a recent decline in membership by encouraging growth and retention.

## The Solution
We performed a detailed analysis of FPCU's system performance and architecture and recommended they develop a universal app that would coordinate between the vendors' systems. They would gain total control of the member experience, not to mention own the intellectual property and be insulated from vendor outages. They could continue to use their existing technology stack, but with the option to integrate new tools as the need arose. We also recommended systems for version control and change management.  

## The Outcome
FPCU gained a clearer sense of their technology needs. They had a concrete plan with a clear scope to present to their developers, who were able to efficiently implement the recommendations.