---
layout: notes
title: Georgia Piedmont Technical College
author: Laura Lindeman
category: clientwork
image: //s3.amazonaws.com/ninelabs.com/gptc.png
client:
  name: Georgia Piedmont Technical College
  services: Strategic Guidance
  url: http://www.gptc.edu
---
Georgia Piedmont Technical College (GPTC), formerly Dekalb Technical College, is a multi-campus member of the Technical College System of Georgia. It provides classes for residents of 4 Georgia counties, as well as a robust adult education curriculum. Graduates receive a job placement guarantee and are also able to transfer credits to other instituions for continuing study.

## The Situation
The college needed a new website, but they didn't feel they had enough knowledge about the latest technologies and how to implement them to write an accurate and complete RFP (Request for Proposal). As a governmental agency, this was a required first step to getting any work done. 

## The Solution
With the help of a team from GPTC, we performed an information audit and determined what precise purposes the website needed to serve. From there, we outlined the site's technical and functional requirements, including its suitable server and application platforms, accessibility standards, browser support, and performance needs. Finally, we advised on appropriate vendor qualifications and project management approaches. 

## The Outcome
By working closely with advisers at the college, we created a robust RFP that enabled GPTC to solicit bids from high-quality vendors and rest assured that the work done would ultimately serve its needs well.