---
layout: notes
title: One Spark
author: J Cornelius
category: clientwork
image: //s3.amazonaws.com/ninelabs.com/work-screenshot-onespark.png
client:
  name: One Spark
  platform: Custom Ruby on Rails Application using HAML and Sass
  services: User Experience Design, Information Archetecture, Visual Design
  url: https://onespark.com
---
When you run the largest crowdfunding event in the world you need a website that works well for a very diverse audience. OneSpark approached us with a need for clear direction on how to communicate myriad types of information to all the distict groups of their audience.

## The Situation
OneSpark was already running a Ruby on Rails application, but they lacked the front end and UX skills they needed to make the site work as well as it could. They needed a clean design and they needed leadership to bring the project to completion.

## The Solution
This project is ongoing, and we're rolling out elements of the site as the big event draws closer. We worked with the OneSpark team to figure out exactly what information needs to be on each page in order to implemented an easy-to-understand structure for navigating the site. Rather than replacing everything that was already in place, we're helping by providing a structure around development of new content and how it fits with existing content. The goal is to optimize how their news and information is displayed to the world. We've already created a custom map of the host hotels to assist participants as they begin planning their travel.

## The Outcome 

quotes for approval:
"Nine Labs has helped us take a lot of information and make it easily digestible for our event participants. We had the technical know-how to build out a complex application to run the site, but the Nine Labs team gave us the design direction we needed."

"The Nine Labs team has been great to work with: really understanding of our needs and sensitive to our event-planning timeline. They've helped us take the content we already had and package it up in a more user-friendly format."

"It's a challenge to create a site that will allow thousands of people to register and plan travel for a large event without making it clunky or cluttered. The Nine Labs team has taken our existing application and tweaked a front-facing site that is easy to navigate, really usable, and nice to look at."