---
layout: notes
title: Kanga
author: Laura Lindeman
category: clientwork
image: //s3.amazonaws.com/ninelabs.com/kanga-pitch-deck.png
client:
  name: Kanga
  services: Brand Messaging, Visual Design
  url: http://getkanga.com/
  quote-person: Everett Steele
  quote-person-title: CEO
  quote-person-photo: everett-steele.jpg
  quote: We had a brand identity already, but it can be difficult with a small startup team to put together a cohesive strategy. We brought on the Nine Labs team for a project that was small in scope but had a big impact on our company. They put together a pitch deck for a major funding event. It took our branding to the next level and really highlighted the feel of our company. The team was great to work with--efficient, communicative, and invested in our success.
---
Kanga is an on-demand delivery application for web, iOS, and Android. Users can have anything that they need delivered and are able to specify time and location for both pickup and dropoff. They're also able to comnunicate through the app with the driver that accepts their job. Payment is processed automatically upon completeion of the delivery.

## The Situation
Kanga is a local Atlanta company that had the opportunity to pitch to an important group of investors from around the world. They had great branding for their website and for the applications they've built, but they wanted visual design created specifically for a pitch deck that was going to pack a punch.

## The Solution
The Kanga team let us know exactly the information they needed to present, and we worked with the existing brand elements to create a slide deck. The goal was to provide a streamlined presentation to communicate the company's story with eye-catching flair.

## The Outcome
This was a quick project. Kanga communicated their needs very clearly and provided us all the tools we needed to deliver. We handed over the slide deck in a Google Doc and let the pitch masters take it from there. It was great being involved with an early stage startup and getting to help their brand shine.